[Tables] Call onResponse when handling TalbeAlreadyExists response (#18914)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/tables/data-tables/README.md

#### Create a new table

You can create a table through a `TableServiceClient` instance calling the `createTable` function. This function takes the name of the table to create as a parameter.

> Note that `createTable` won't throw an error when the table already exist.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Note that `createTable` won't throw an error when the table already exists.
```

main();
```

> Here is a sample that checks if the table already existed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a sample that demonstrates how to test if the table already exists when attempting to create it:
```

```javascript
const { TableServiceClient, AzureNamedKeyCredential } = require("@azure/data-tables");

const account = "<account>";
const accountKey = "<accountkey>";

const credential = new AzureNamedKeyCredential(account, accountKey);
const serviceClient = new TableServiceClient(
  `https://${account}.table.core.windows.net`,
  credential
);

async function main() {

>   const tableName = `newtable${new Date().getTime()}`;

Reviewer: should we get rid of the date/gettime so that it can actually already exist the second time they run it and maybe put a comment to that effect?
